We want to see that approach strategies in ApTIK are high-level, progression should favour a new or enhanced approach rather than just doing the same thing with higher damage values etc. This would be the difference between items progression that favours different types of item rather than better and better items. Whether obtaining items should come from skills (providing the least path to trying out new things), be purchased as part of a separate system, or found in missions (a middle-ground) is still a question. The first option could be reasonable if skill progression cost depending on what item would be required for this or if it could be justified that in this world the ability comes with the capability to source it. Finding items in missions seems like a good way to get the best of both worlds though, with contribution to player classing based on the environments they put themselves in in-game, and giving a little bit of entropy to player's choices in progression (a hacker that comes across a set of advanced jumping boots might take the opportunity to develop dexterity).

Based on current skill tree, items could look like:
Blades - Knife, Katana
Blunts - Baseball bat, Mace
Hacking - Decking gear of some kind
Ranged - Pistol, Shotgun, Assault Rifle

Grappling hook, lockpicks, fake id/costumes.

Other items could be used opportunistically, like cups, coins, or electrical rewiring gear. Banana peels, hell, throwing a toaster in a mark's bath...as much as possible should be possible without cluttering the experience.

Player's held item quantity, however, should be limited to avoid exploitation of how many options will be available. This is not to say a player cannot change strategy part way when a plan falls through, but they'll have to keep contingency plans in mind. Perhaps leveling could increase this maximum too, however. 